Update howto-access-activity-logs.md to increase awareness on MS Graph API limits (#403)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/monitoring-health/howto-access-activity-logs.md

- View tenant activities such as who made a change to a group and when.
- Mark a Microsoft Entra sign-in event as safe or confirmed compromised.
- Retrieve a list of application sign-ins for the last 30 days.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
```

> > Graph API calls are subject to throttling. Please review the [limits](/graph/throttling-limits#identity-and-access-service-limits) to ensure your usage is within appropriate limits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Microsoft Graph allows you to access data from multiple services that impose their own throttling limits. For more information on activity log throttling, see [Microsoft Graph service-specific throttling limits](/graph/throttling-limits#identity-and-access-service-limits).
```
